Like most things in life,
experimental design
has a set of vocabulary words
that we need to understand.
In an experiment each individual
in a test is called a unit.
A unit can be a person, a store,
a run on a production line,
a visit to a website etc.
Using our use case,
let's work out what the units are.
In the new product introduction
experiment, you are trying to determine
the potential sales if the new
product is introduced.
So first, how will you actually
gather the data you need
to figure out potential candy sales?
One way would be to put candy up for
sale in a few stores and
observe the results.
In this case each store will be
treated as an individual test, so
we will refer to each store as a unit.